In Tableau, I have synced data on the use of
an attendance tracker in a software used by teachers.
First, I will examine the number of
feature users compared to the number of product users.
By pulling at the attendance tracking feature usage and product usage numbers into rows,
I can see 40 out of the 70 product customers have used the attendance feature.
That is a large percent of customers,
but let's see if the different user segments use the feature at the same frequency.
In our dataset, we have job dimension,
which indicates whether a user teaches elementary school or middle school.
By dragging this job dimension onto the sheet,
I can compare the usage of the feature in these two different demographics.
Now we can see that 20 out of 30 or two-thirds of elementary school teachers,
but only 20 out of 40 or one-half
of middle school teachers are using our attendance feature.
Perhaps the way attendance is typically taken varies by school type,
and the current attendance feature aligns better to elementary school teacher usage.
Now that we've identified the difference in the data,
we can talk with customers and run
experiments to determine why feature usage is different,
and ways to improve it.